you
welcome back folks this teaching is
going to be specifically dealing with
trading the key swing points
okay so what swing points are going to
be teaching in this module we're going
to be revisiting the Asian open a London
open the New York open and the done then
close all
right so engineering the daily range now
obviously I teach with power three that
the general rule of thumb is get age' is
a consolidation then learning increase
the higher the low of the daily range
New York is part of the expansion and
then London close creates the higher low
of the date or the opposite end of the
range that's formed in London but not
always is that the case in some
instances the Asian open will create the
daily high or low as seen here in this
example below the day's formed during
the Asian open and then the highest
formed in the London session
conversely as I mentioned in the
beginning this is a typical power 3
scenario where we have consolidation in
Asia then when it's bullish we create
the low of the day and then it expands
throughout the rest of the day
now London open it can create obviously
as I teach with power three it can
create the low or high the day in this
example here you can see the London
session creates the very low lower than
it was at the beginning of the trading
in Asia
or London can be part of a retracement
when the asian session creates the low
today so the way we're going to use this
information is if Asia
creates a low or high the Danis example
creates a low and starts to run and
expands outside of the Asian range this
drop down in London is typically going
to be a retracement of the initial leg
or impulse leg of the intraday move if
we're bullish we're going to assume that
Asia creates the low and we're retracing
down into what would be optimal trade
entry and that could be eight long so
the long and open can be a part of the
move that occurs and originates from the
Asian open
now the New York open this to can create
the high or low the daily range as well
as you can see there's an example of the
market staying in a consolidation drops
down and when you have to assume that we
would be bearish this particular day but
there may be a big news event that comes
out and it creates a run on liquidity
and we can see that running above these
equal highs here creating the New York
open raid on liquidity that makes the
high the day in the market trades the
lower as a result equally significant we
can see the New York open can be part of
a retracement from the London open here
we see the low formed in London creates
an impulse swing
trades back down into the New York open
creates a nice retracement and then
rallies creating the high the day later
on during a New York and overlap of
London close
so both scenarios this is the classic
scenario this is what I teach and have
taught for years this is the easiest
setup when we want to trade the New York
open so the swing point takes place here
we'd have to assume that were bullish
before and then the low has to be formed
and shares a clear impulse swing during
the London session then retraces during
the loving lunch going into New York
open we can see the turning point here
or swing point that would be treated
rather handsomely now this is a bullish
in area it would just as equally
effective if it was London getting a
high today it trades lower during the
London session then retraces pop into
New York session creating a retracement
which is a classic continuation on the
bearish idea or down close premise for a
daily range or your particular market
and
expansion going towards London close so
everything we're showing here just can
be done in Reverse
ok the London close
now this can be the high or low of the
day typically for bullish and London's
created the low of the day or age has
created a load of the day.i London
closed tends to be the opposite end of
the range now it doesn't always
close to high and/or low into the range
but generally as a rule of thumb I
believe that it will serve you well
other instances it can create the high
the day when it's been an arrangement as
you can see here the market was in a
large consolidation we have equal highs
market runs up throwing London clothes
takes those highs and creates the actual
high the day and trades lower this could
be done in Reverse this could have
easily been equal lows down here and it
could have eventually drove down to get
the equal lows and making the low of the
day and
or it can be a reversal point from a
longer-term perspective as we see here
the market has been trading higher
during the London closed time period
during the London close time here market
makes a reversal on Friday next week
the following link it opens
trades in consolidation and begins to
move lower and lose significant lower on
the following weeks Tuesday so it can
act as a reversal now how do you use
these swing points
you want to be using higher timeframe
price levels and
when these specific key swing points or
time of day
overlap with higher timeframe levels you
can anticipate what would be otherwise
expected on the higher time frame for
instance if we had a key resistance
level that we were watching on a daily
timeframe if we came to this level in
mind and we're going to speak
hypothetically here because there's so
many examples I could literally make a
five to six hour long video and there
wouldn't even scratch the surface which
is the reason I have to have a
mentorship because there's so many types
of conditions and setups that are
available not that you need to know
every single one of them but it makes
you very versatile as a trader as you
can see things in the marketplace that
aren't gonna surprise you you can
anticipate them and wait for them to
come in but if we're looking for our key
resistance level on the daily chart that
could be the time of day when London
trades up to that key resistance point
and at the time of the day we're into
trades there you could be a seller at
London close even while the day was
bullish because it's hitting that higher
timeframe daily resistance price point
that could be the point in which the
best to sell short and that would be a
scenario and the same thing would be
applied to all these key swing points or
time of day because
we have characteristics been shown here
and we also went beyond what was
typically taught as my ICT power 3
there's some blending of the rules and
I've given you generic characteristics
if you will for each of the four major
key swing points so I want you to go
through your charts and pull up a
15-minute time frame or it could be a
30-minute time frame and I want you to
look at all the times that the market
turns and create significant daily highs
and lows and when it makes intro and
weekly highs and lows and look at the
monthly highs and lows when are they
forming and you'll be able to see a
storyline over time studying it in
reference to the higher time frames key
support resistance levels that you would
otherwise look for when these time
periods or key swing points trade to
them you will see significant in high
probability turning points
hopefully you enjoyed this presentation
obviously if you want to find more you
can visit my website at the inner circle
trader.com